In a nut shell designs course over the last several years by studying the trends of anything dealing
with app marketing and monetization since the very beginning of 2008 one thing that was blatantly obvious
to me was that the app marketing ecosystem is a for ever changing beast.
I'd say ninety nine point nine nine percent with great certainty that nobody really has a clue how to
successfully market an app today.
The spark hits us all.
We or we either build the game ourselves or pay someone to do it for us and just upload the app onto
the app stores and sit back and watch the money roll in.
Guess what.
That actually only worked in the first six months to a year of the iTunes App Store when it first opened
up.
Fast forward to several years later and the app developer of today faces a daunting task of making a
living building apps today.
This course will prepare you for the road ahead and hopefully make it a much easier and less bumpy journey
for you.
Think about it.
Back in the beginning the iTunes App Store was probably getting 10 to 50 games perhaps a day.
Now it's in the thousands if not tens of thousands per day.
Over one billion apps in the iTunes App Store and Androids Google Play Store surpassed Apple already.
So why do you need this course.
Forgive me for being blunt here.
If you want a fighting chance of making any living doing something you love doing that you will need
to learn this horse's basics which then leads into more advanced top experts strategies tips and thinking
outside the box mentality from experts who have successfully received millions of downloads collectively.
I've learned from the very best over the years.
Now it's time you need to level your competition and surpass them with higher AppStore rankings more
downloads and installs and more generated revenue.
Now if you want to be successful and not waste your time after all the hard work you did or money you
spent having your app built and tested you need to help to level the playing field with the big companies
as well as your established competition.
Ninety nine percent of all app developers think their app is the best thing since sliced bread and maybe
it is but you don't know how to go about promoting it in the right direction or monetizing your app
correctly from the from the beginning.
Then you will most certainly get lost along the great app highway and you'll wind up losing a load of
money in the process and tearing your hair out.
I've been a very successful app developers since the iTunes App Store first opened way back in July
2008.
And have studied all the trends involving everything to do with app marketing and monetizing since then.
I then said to myself all of this knowledge will help me and others down the road.
That's the genesis of why this course exists today to help others make it in the supersaturated app
business marketplace.
The lucky ones that find this course and apply these tried and proven strategies will greatly benefit
from the updated current strategies and tips from all the experts I've learned from out there of which
I will be teaching you what's really important for you to know.
I cover everything from A to Z and left nothing out.
What I'd like to do is create a discussion group hopefully in the tens of thousands so we can also help
each other out with new theories and tips or strategies that worked out for you.
Let's not forget about the best ways to monetize your app is also of great importance here.
The average life expectancy for an app today is around two months this course will teach you how to
squeeze every last drop of revenue out of your users.
Keeping them happy and prolonging your apps life expectancy so you can make even more money in the long
run.
That along with my course being always updated will give you that much needed leg up or edge on everyone
else and your competition rest assured I will always be updating several times a month.
But the latest buzz on app marketing to make you that more successful and generate more revenue.
It's one less thing you have to do besides reading the updates here my teaching style is easy going.
Just sit back listen and take notes.
I've included at PTF were notes for each lecture so if you have missed something don't worry everything
is right there.
And each lectures PTF along with the recommended lengths that I want you to read and check out.
This can easily be found by clicking on the downward facing arrow icon in the upper right corner of
your screen.
Under downloadable resources for that lecture I've included 13 quizzes along the way to see how much
you have retained.
Once you have successfully completed this course you Demi will send you a very nice looking certificate
of completion along with your name that you entered you dummy with.
With that being said I just don't want to deliver.
I want to over deliver to you here and make sure your money is very well spent here.
My latest updates are always added to the course to keep it fresh.
So let's get the show on the road shall we.
Over 51 percent of the US population has played mobile gaming at least once a month.
That's roughly 165 million players that are playing mobile games 10 times more than PC gaming these
days.
30 percent of the age groups 60 to 75 have played a mobile game within the last seven days.
This shows you the diversity here also in the USA women make up 56 percent of the gamers here 50 percent
of the gamers play one to four hours every week.
Twenty five percent play five to nine hours per week.
There is a lot of money to be made here.
If you are an app developer today truly an exciting time to be a successful app developer I should say
but you need to know all the important where when how and why questions before you jump in the deep
end with all the big whales and sharks present today ninety nine point ninety seven percent of all new
app developers today don't really have a clue as to what they need to do to even make it in this business.
This is why this coerse is going to be the most important career purchase you'll ever make.
The app developer of today simply can't stay afloat long enough to even break even if you aren't armed
with the knowledge you'll be learning inside this course.
The day is truly over where you could just simply pay a couple hundred dollars and place a banner on
a couple of popular app review sites for a month and make some money back try that today and you'll
fail miserably.
Even if you think your app is terrific this future proof course I create is always being updated as
this is an ever changing ecosystem that changes daily and eats app developers alive in a heartbeat without
showing any remorse for all your hard work and time gig.
Oh M has revealed a tremendous separation between app developer incomes for instance the top 1.6 percent
make over 500000 per month or as 49 percent of Android developers and 35 percent of iOS developers make
less than one hundred dollars per month.
That's a big difference.
This fact proves one thing many act of VELLAR purrs are flying headfirst into the deep end of the swimming
pool and don't know what they are doing or how to swim.
They all seem to have an idea of what needs to be done but almost always fall into these pits and that
in reality swallow up yet another app developers dream of hitting it rich.
Or being at least successful.
This is why I've invested my time money and experience into this course in order to help you increase
your odds so you can become more successful in doing this and avoid these many pitfalls that swallow
up so many good app developers out there.
Just think how many great and fantastic apps we will never get through to experience all because those
app developers just didn't know how to successfully market or even monetize correctly and just quit.
Many people really don't realize or know what it really takes to even reach let's say the top 50 for
free or paid apps today.
I'll let you know what it takes to do so and the very best ways to break into the top charts for iOS
and Android.
You can expect an increase in your app rankings and thus an increase in your downloads and social engagement.
Just follow this Course's advice.
That's why we're all here basically right.
I'm going to teach you all the critical aspects of that marketing.
Some strategies are from the top experts that I've learned from over the years that will help give you
that extra punch to crack into the top categories for your apps genre or niche.
Plus hopefully we will keep growing and growing.
Our discussion forum and help one another out so we can be even more successful.
Part of my teaching strategy is to re emphasize certain key points so they stick in your mind because
I feel they are very vital and important for your success.
Website links listed in this course are providing purely informational resources relevant to the content
of each lecture.
There are no affiliate links inside the main course and just one located in the bonus section at the
very end of this course at this time.
Let's begin.
OK and I'll see you in the next lecture.